No Ahti.
Where is he?
- AHTI: Now this boy left,
said the son of Annikki Tähti.
My assistant will keep work in the glove
and the house standing.
Lomille lomps, holiday homps.
- JESSE: How can anyone even get out of here
while the building's sealed?
(AHTI SINGING)
Let alone go on a holiday.
♪  ♪
There's something up ahead.
Do you see it?
(WATER RUNNING)
(CAN OPENS)
- AHTI: (SPEAKING IN FINNISH)
(LAUGHS)
(JUMPS INTO WATER)
- JESSE: Ahti?
- AHTI: (LAUGHS)
Did you miss me?
Did you have piss in your sock?
(LAUGHS) Now now now now.
Bark don't make a wound.
You did good!
Take my cassette player. You can borrow it.
The song is a present from my friends to you.
It will get you through the maze
so you can do your job.
- JESSE: Did that really just happen?
Of course, it did. He gave me
his cassette player.
It'll get me through the maze, huh.
The janitor always has the keys.